In the Adding Co-Instructors and Teaching Assistants video, we saw how to add members
to our workspace one by one, but what if we want to add a large number of individuals
to our space at once?
There are several ways to add multiple members to your workspace at once, and in this video
we'll go through the sharing link option.
Please check out the RS Cloud Package video if you're interested in learning how to
add multiple members via the RStudio Cloud API.
To add multiple individuals to our workspace, let's click on the Members button at the
top of our workspace, and then click on Options to open the Access menu.
From here, let's invite multiple individuals using the sharing link.
This method will give us a link that we can distribute via email or on a course webpage,
allowing all of our learners to access the workspace on RStudio Cloud.
For the initial role, we'll choose Contributor, and then take a look at the permissions at
the bottom of the page.
We can choose what contributors are allowed to do within the workspace by selecting or
deselecting the options presented.
Once we've made our selections, we can click on Copy Sharing Link and distribute it as
needed.
Once all of our learners have joined the shared workspace, we can disable the existing link
by resetting the sharing link or by setting our workspace to Invitation Required, which
will mean new learners to the workspace will have to be added via the Add Member button
from within the Members section of our workspace.